Arkham Mayhem
Toto

intro
It is the height of the roaring twenties. Flappers and young fellas dance the Charleston at raucous jazz clubs gleaming with bright and electric lights. Beneath this gilded glamour, bloody turf wars rage, funded by gangsters and crooked cops who frequent rival speakeasies and gambling dens.
Amid these changing times, old New England towns hold their secrets close. Off the Aylesbury Pike, in reclusive Dunwich, rolling hills hide decrepit farms and witch-haunted hollows. Past Cape Ann, the remote fishing village of Innsmouth rots from within. At the mouth of the Miskatonic River, mist-shrouded Kingport lies dreaming. All the while, historic Arkham broods on the upper banks of the Miskatonic, its famed university delving into the world's darkest, most ancient mysteries.
Arkham's citizens insist everything is normal in their sleepy town, but horrific and bizarre events occur with increasing frequency. Strange lights flicker and people disappear in the forest beyond Hangman's Brook. Misshapen silhouettes prowl graveyards and shorelines, leaving savaged corpses in their wake. Nightmarish artifacts and disturbing tomes have surfaced, chronicling gods and incantations the world has tried to forget. Cavalier scientists have glimpsed far-flung worlds beyond our own that shatter the known laws of reality. Are these events somehow connected? If so, what calamity do they portend?
Those who dare investigate these incidents witness the inexplicable. Having seen such phenomena, they can never regain their old view of the world. Now that they know the hideous truth, they cannot run or hide from it. Just beneath the reassuring vaneer of reality, a veneer that was never meant to be worn away, are forces that can drive the average person to despair. Yet, a rare few try to avert the end of the world, knowing it may well cost them their lives or sanity.
These investigators must rely on their wits and skills to learn as much as they can before it's too late. Some may find courage in the grace of a rosary, while others may burn away their fears with a swig of bootleg whiskey. They must try their hand at unpredictable spells that could doom them, or take up rifles and revolvers to combat foul creatures plaguing the night. Will it be enough?

agnesbaker
dexterdrake
carolynfern
ursuladowns
akachionyele
silasmarch
tommymuldoon
finnedwards
joediamond
dianastanley
profwarrenrice
mandythompson
agathacrane
harveywalters
marielambeau
fathermateo
montereyjack
carsonsinclair
patricehathaway
darrelsimmons
trishscarborough
amandasharpe
skidsotoole
rolandbanks
jennybarnes
sistermary
drhenryarmitage
randolphcarter
agentariquinn
wilsonrichards
charliekane
daisywalker
vincentlee
ashcanpete
williamyorick
zoeysamaras
lilychen
minhthiphan
markharrigan
jacquelinefine
litachantler
normanwithers
bobjenkins
tonymorgan
georgebarnaby
zebulonwhateley
leoanderson
katewinthrop
earlsawyer
rexmurphy
gloriagoldberg
lukerobinson
wendyadams
jimculver
lolahayes
ritayoung
michaelmcglen
hanksamson
prestonfairmont
drfrancismorgan
jordanperry
valentinorivas
pennywhite
constancedumaine
brownjenkin
silasbishop
ishimaruharuko
sebastienmoreau
ashleighclarke
danielchesterfield
jazzmulligan
haroldwalsted
adamlynch
gavriellamizrah
jeromedavids
harlanearnstone
sethbishop
padmaamrita
peterwarren
almahill
wolfmandrew
victoriadevereux
billycooper
nahab
keziahmason
hermancollins
ruthturner
thestranger
diannedivine
theredglovedman
nathanwick
jeremiahpierce
atlachnacha
thespectralwatcher
umordhoth
ithaqua
yig
nyarlathotep
cnidathqua
hastur
